Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the 4IEC Gateway discussion.
Thanks John. We're looking at deploying 200-300 units for our manufacturing facility.
That's great to hear. Can you share more about your timeline and requirements?
We need pricing by end of Q1 2026. Target deployment is Q2 2026. Budget is around $150k-$200k for the full rollout.
I can help with the technical specs. We're looking at edge computing capabilities with real-time data processing.
Perfect. What about margin expectations? We typically target 25-30% on these deployments.
That works for our budget. Can you send the detailed quote by next Friday?
Absolutely. Action item: I'll send the complete RFQ response with pricing breakdown by November 22nd.
Also, can we schedule a technical deep dive for next week?
Yes, let's set that up. Action item: Schedule technical review meeting for next Wednesday.
Great. I'll follow up with calendar invites. Thanks everyone!